I always feel like, OK, now we've got to do suicides.
Yeah, where you would like to run and then touch and then run back and
can touch and....
I know that kind of sounds like a horrible name for an exercise.
Ha..ha..ha..ha
That word got cancelled.
Uh huh
What? What ?
What store is this? Ralph's.
Oh, sprouts.
maybe..maybe i
Some of the customers got a little bit too much like clean eating to their head.
I don't think....
Wow
So just like family dynamics and stuff like that.
I think for me, I always wanted to know what
(***) we had the same glad but look like
Like how would I look like physically?
Oh,
So I think because my dad's blood is so strong.
His DNA is so strong, like you can tell.
People would even be like, did your dad give birth to you?
They say I do.
but like my younger mother it's crazy because um
My....that on my mom's side, there's me and then my brother.
like for like we're six years apart
And then what do we do with me and my youngest brother?
we are 17 years apart..
So when I would go take him and my mom would be with us, right?
They would think she was a grandma and I was the mom.
And and because both of us were lighter skinned.
And my brother looks more like my mom.
Even when my mom had me, they were like, are you babysitting? like
Yeah, they would tell her that so,
me and my elder brother and youngest brother we don't really look alike but we do..
were light skinned people and people like okay i see but on my dad's side..
Yeah, my brother is just sixteen we can tell,
And then so more so, probably like mom
So how do you guys match up with your siblings?
Oh, that's so cool.
I love that. She's like, we're gonna use our words. so much her..
Are you taller than him?
just like a (***)
right
Okay.